adding npm and flask dependencies, updating install (#203)
osrf/rmf_demos: rmf_demo_panel/README.md

Setup `rmf_demo_panel`

> Install flask-socketio as the system version is too old

Reviewer: Can we also add this line in the note? Either here or the #note field below:
```
rosdep will automatically install system version of `python3-flask `and `python3-flask-cors`. Yet we will download `flask-socketio` (5.x) separately via pip since debian version is too old.
```

> Install flask-socketio as the system version is too old

Author: ```suggestion
rosdep will automatically install system version of python3-flask and python3-flask-cors. Yet we will download flask-socketio (5.x) separately via pip since debian version is too old.
```
